startPaper/README.md, before:

# startPaper
For notmal setups just download startPaper.sh and, preferably, create a start.conf with the following vairbales set.

For use with [PufferPanel](https://github.com/PufferPanel/PufferPanel), you can Copy/Paste the JSON file named startPaper.json and tweak it on PufferPanel's Template page.
## Note
* You will need to edit the config instead of the server.properties for the variables below....
* You will also need to edit the config instead of spigot.conf for playerTrackingRange.


## Variable Descriptions
* Enables paper to update to the latest build of the version mentioned below.

``
paperUpdate=true
``
* This will set the version of paper to download

``
minecraftVersion=1.16.5
``
* Sets the filename to rename paper to.

``
jar=paperclip.jar
``
* Set the maximum assigned memory in MB, numericals only.

``
Xmx=1024
``
* Set the minimum assigned memory in MB, numericals only, you usually want this to be the same as Xmx.

``
Xms=1024
``
* pass any java arguments here

``
arguments=
``
* Accept the EULA to start the server ... Actually accept this, not just put true.

``
eula=false
``
* Level Seed .. blank for minecraft randomized.

``
levelSeed=
``
* World name .. Leave blank for minecraft to set to "world".

``
world=world
``
* Set the view distance.

``
distance=10
``
* Set the server port, blank to default to 25565.

``
port=25565
``
* Set Query port, usually the same as server port.

``
queryPort=25565
``
* Enable or disable the whitelist.

``
whitelist=false
``
* Set the Max players.

``
maxPlayers=20
``
* Toggle Prevent Proxy Connections, I usually set to true .. it doesn't change much.

``
proxy=true
``
* Spigot.conf setting for how far you can see players .. for a UHC server you might want this higher than default 28.

``
playerTrackingRange=28
``
* Sets the java command to start the server with. Good for when you want to change versions, some plugins break with Java 16

``
command=java
``

Commit message:

Added Pufferpanel Template in README.md

startPaper/README.md, after:

# startPaper
For notmal setups just download startPaper.sh and, preferably, create a start.conf with the following [variables set](#variable-descriptions).
If you are using Pufferpanel, copy/paste the JSON file into a new Template.

For use with [PufferPanel](https://github.com/PufferPanel/PufferPanel), you can Copy/Paste the JSON file named startPaper.json and tweak it on PufferPanel's Template page.
## Note
* You will need to edit the config instead of the server.properties for the variables below....
* You will also need to edit the config instead of spigot.conf for playerTrackingRange.


## Variable Descriptions
* Enables paper to update to the latest build of the version mentioned below.

``
paperUpdate=true
``
* This will set the version of paper to download

``
minecraftVersion=1.16.5
``
* Sets the filename to rename paper to.

``
jar=paperclip.jar
``
* Set the maximum assigned memory in MB, numericals only.

``
Xmx=1024
``
* Set the minimum assigned memory in MB, numericals only, you usually want this to be the same as Xmx.

``
Xms=1024
``
* pass any java arguments here

``
arguments=
``
* Accept the EULA to start the server ... Actually accept this, not just put true.

``
eula=false
``
* Level Seed .. blank for minecraft randomized.

``
levelSeed=
``
* World name .. Leave blank for minecraft to set to "world".

``
world=world
``
* Set the view distance.

``
distance=10
``
* Set the server port, blank to default to 25565.

``
port=25565
``
* Set Query port, usually the same as server port.

``
queryPort=25565
``
* Enable or disable the whitelist.

``
whitelist=false
``
* Set the Max players.

``
maxPlayers=20
``
* Toggle Prevent Proxy Connections, I usually set to true .. it doesn't change much.

``
proxy=true
``
* Spigot.conf setting for how far you can see players .. for a UHC server you might want this higher than default 28.

``
playerTrackingRange=28
``
* Sets the java command to start the server with. Good for when you want to change versions, some plugins break with Java 16

``
command=java
``
